Next let's make use of the v-for directive
to array.
Let's open the list rendering two dot html
And in here
we will display a list contains top 10 frameworks
Let's switch over to our editor.
Then let's open up list rendering two dot html
and then we can jump to our script
here in data property
we have top ten frameworks  property and it has
an array of string contains names of the framework.
This is only a sample data which taken
from the hot framework dot com website.
I don't know for sure whether this data is really valid or not.
Anyway let's show the frameworks
name in here to this unordered list.
So let's get rid of some list items and leave one item
here in the list item we can say the v-for equals and
then in the left side for the alias name let's called it
framework in top ten frameworks.
And then let's change the text to framework.
Now here we can see top ten frameworks that we defined
in vue instance are listed in this page by making
use the v for directive.
Now in some cases we may need to access the index array. To do
that we can use the v-for in a form like this v-for item
comma index in items where index is the index
number of array element which will be iterated. Alright
let's open the list rendering three dot
html and here we will display a list
of the top ten framework as before.
The difference here we also need to show
the score on the right side of each list item.
So let's switch back over to our editor
than open up
list rendering three dot html.
And then let's jump to the script section
here in data property we have a new property scores
which contains array of numbers. So for the score it
will be look like ASP.NET
One hundred angular js ninety six and so on.
Now we can go to our unordered list and
remove all list items except the first one
and then here we can say v-for equals parenthesis
framework coma index  in or let's use of for
now and then top ten frameworks.
Now before we show the score in here let's
show the index after the framework name.
Here we can see the index array on the
right side of the framework name.
Now it's time to show the score by utilizing this index.
Here we can say score and then specify the index like so.
Save let's see
OK we have successfully displayed
the top 10 frameworks in the list
and their score respectively by making use index in v-for directive.